Hello + is the tv of the corresponding p
This time it 's Meka of this Main Craft
It is baked
I found a lot of back and I would like to introduce them one by one
First of all I would like to teach you the standard block front side
8 Open the item column
Here is it in this child leftmost
No way to block eating Trev who says that Mickey's picture
let me in
Please equip the Markel Bridge with this Iron Nonke Bridge second from the left
Hase first put this silver block
a and is it this River dam Mr. and thus port moment Branch Admiral Oh to
The moment you like it 3
Marriage Oh store
Post top
Ah ah ah ah
It will be a little bit more or less
eh
Even though the block has this way
There is a big block and I do not qualify in the library
And a
In this way, I shoot money
It is and in Oh
Once again
In a
If you do the same thing again
It melts into the sale
Like this ah
You can take it many times
This was a cloud of a item proliferation
Well See you is beautiful
I would like to teach you how to make an automatic door
It is over
Say this way and closed without permission
But what is the way although such excellent It's easy this made the way is quite
Different also uh still we have provided a much also Well
a child come Lee
Yes he hates a lot like this
Well my parents
I will prepare a vote and go in the hall and then a
So take
This is in the column of the switch machine
Complete recovery that sensed heavy oil
Well you make one of Well turn Museum Chiba do Naa body
No, it is
It is automatic
Where
Well
Come lose up to a place
I am now myself and I 'm right behind
And this
I want to hear from the entrance
But you are not there
Place the pine Ke well
It is and eh was heard earlier
Set the was in front of the weight machine weight feeling even of the door that's it
If you want to go home without permission
If you come to the data ports both in the act ridge of being squeezed
Baby blue
Yes in this player ah
One person
Such feeling
It will close by itself
a this is
8 tricks decline was the automatic door chili taste was Polygonum after
Hey-I want to teach you next
Is a way to die buried in the block in which you buy worry too much
I think that there are many people going up
Teach
In this way Do you get I think, for example, on this day, such drop-off wine to lead the fist
And then
Block that does not enter
I am
System it always line
There was already another
Well I do not defeated even this way down you anxiety, but
And then
Said that way
Avoid the middle person
I hope this is good
What
I'll let you put something like this Kuriman
And I got it earlier
This day
Naa's right
And this is the best main places in this overbite link
Go digging to know you Ana remain the way something buried in shining
I do not want to ask you for a while now, but I do this
Yes, all the tricks above
Regards or net also finished is every time there is this Radha Presley bar
Because it can be used in the diamond candle zone, it loses 2 minutes
Then I want to end with this
Thank you for watching